Fix code samples in the README.md (#13)
wso2-ballerina/module-facebook: README.md

    }
};

facebook:Client facebookClient = new(facebookConfig);

```

The `createPost` function creates a post for a user, page, event, or group.
```ballerina
//Create post.
var response = facebookClient->createPost(id,message,link,place);
```

The response from `createPost` is a `Post` object if the request is successful or an `error` if unsuccessful.
```ballerina
if (response is facebook:Post) {

>    // If successful, print Post details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // If successful, print the Post details.
```

   io:println("Post Details: ", response);
} else {
   // If unsuccessful, print the error returned.
   io:println("Error: ", response);
}
```

The `retrievePost` function retrieves the post specified by the ID. The `postId` represents the ID of the post to be retrieved. It returns the `Post` object on success or an `error` if unsuccessful.
```ballerina
var response = facebookEP.retrievePost(postId);
if (response is facebook:Post) {
    io:println("Post Details: ", response);
} else {
    io:println("Error: ", response);
}
```

> The `deletePost` function deletes the post specified by the ID. The `postId` represents the ID of the post to be deleted. It returns the `True` object on success or an `error` if unsuccessful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `deletePost` function deletes the post specified by the ID. The `postId` represents the ID of the post to be deleted. It returns deletion status on success or an `error` if an error occurred. 
```

Reviewer 2: Same for the Module.md too.
